= mongo_mapper_tree

This is an maintained version of mongo_mapper_acts_as_tree (https://github.com/ramdiv/mongo_mapper_acts_as_tree) (ie. most of the code is written by Jacob Vidmar)
In it's essence it's an implementation of a tree structure for MongoMapper, think acts as tree but for mongodb.


== Installation

Install as gem

  gem install mongo_mapper_tree

== Usage

Enable the tree functionality by declaring acts_as_tree on your model

  class Category
    include MongoMapper::Document
    plugin  MongoMapper::Plugins::Tree

    key :name, String
  end

This adds class_attributes called parent_id_field, path_field, depth_field, tree_order and tree_search_class.

  parent_id_field, path_field and depth_field overrides the default field names
  tree_order controls the order (format :field_name.[asc|desc])
  tree_search_class expects a Class that is a MongoMapper::Document to be used for search

Check test_tree.rb and test_search_class.rb for examples.

For best performance add a index on the field called path_field.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Original code written by Jakob Vidmar https://github.com/ramdiv/mongo_mapper_acts_as_tree
Copyright (c) 2011 Joel Junström. See LICENSE for details.
